We buy mattresses
Bedsprings
Refrigerators
Stoves
Washing machines
Microwaves
We buy…
COUNSELOR-AT-LAW
-Hello?
-Making progress?
Almost done.
The building super won't testify.
-What?
-The building super won't testify.
Will the jury buy this?
That's my problem, I'll deal with it.
We'll make the case for suicide.
Suicide.
You got it.
Sure, sir.
-I'm counting on you.
-I'm on it.
Goodnight.
This prick kills his wife
and we call it suicide.
CASE: GABRIEL MENDOZA
OPENING ARGUMENT
A routine case?
Mr. Magistrate,
your Honor,
honorable lawyers
for the family of the deceased,
honorable colleagues for the plaintiff,
esteemed members of the jury, etc.
I agree with my colleagues
from the prosecution.
This case is far too…
commonplace.
It's a case about violence.
Thanks.
What are we talking about today?
We're talking about a couple
The couple formed
By my client and his wife
Whom he is accused of murdering
Rising and falling
What are we talking about today?
About violence
About love, death
About a suffering country
What are we talking about today?
We're talking about a couple
The couple formed
By my client and his wife
Whom he couldn't save from suicide
A prosperous couple, envied
But a generous couple too
Who in Mexico City didn't love them?
This is not a fairy tale
This is a love story
Back to the facts
What are we talking about today?
About justice for sale?
Corrupted verdicts sold by tabloids
Beheaded on the right
Bimbos on the left
Rumors gushing in the streets
More coffee?
Please.
Come and open the doors
To the Courtroom of your Conscience
Listen! Answer my question!
Could you grant my client
Mr. Gabriel Mendoza
The right to love his wife?
Your Honor
I call for the triumph of love
Innocence
The defeat of bad faith
When we speak of violence
Let's speak of compassion
Let's speak of our dead
Let's speak of our shadows
Let's greet our world
When we speak of violence
Let's open our hearts
Let's love women, let's forgive men
Let's embrace Misery
Misery…
A big-hearted man, now a victim
of the media
that repeatedly slandered him.
Excuse me?
You'll be late.
You're right, shit!
Gabriel Mendoza
did not kill his wife!
She took her own life!
This is a trial by the media
that repeatedly slander him!
They subjected my client and his wife
to public scrutiny.
We are right to blame him
and to condemn the harm he's done.
Today, I wish…
Well…
That idiot forgets everything.
I wish to appeal
to your consciences,
ladies and gentlemen.
I wish to appeal to your consciences,
Do you think my client…
He looks like such a criminal.
…against any woman? Against any person?
I have refuted not one,
but all the prosecution's arguments.
I demand the release of my client…
Mr. Gabriel Mendoza.
Thank you.
What bullshit!
My client and I never doubted
our country's judicial system.
Hello, Mom?
Yes, we won.
We won!
Yes, I'm glad.
But I feel like I ate shit.
I said…
No, forget it.
Sunday?
No, I have tons of work.
I'll call you back, Mom.
Wish me luck.
Excuse me.
-Got a tampon?
-Yes.
I'm out of whack.
-Don't worry.
-Thanks.
This is a case that really stands out.
Fuck.
Mom, can I call you back?
Ms. Rita Mora Castro?
Yes? What?
Why are you in the bathroom?
You're the one deserving of applause,
Counselor.
Who is this?
Do you want to become rich?
I have a proposition for you.
Be at the newsstand in 10 minutes.
Excuse me, but I don't know who…
Hello?
After all…
How much longer
Will I hang my head?
Will I lick their boots?
How much longer
Will I waste my talent on them?
Will I toil away for nothing?
What have you to gain?
What have I to gain?
What have you got to lose?
What have I got to lose?
Me and my fucking law degree
Extra, extra, extra large
Me and my fucking salary
Extra, extra, extra small
Me and my stone-cold heart
Extra, extra, extra hard
Me and my fat ass
Extra, extra, extra
How much longer?
What have we got to gain?
What have we got to lose?
And my so-called friends tell me
"What about marriage?
What about kids?"
I have no time to make babies
And bitches at work tell me
"When will you open your own firm?"
Who knows?
When I won't be Black
Why did he call?
Why me?
Why at the newsstand?
Why did he call?
Why me?
Why at the newsstand?
I have nothing to lose
You have nothing to lose
I have everything to gain
You have everything to gain
Ma'am?
Everyone, into the pickup!
Time to go!
Is anyone here?
Are you afraid?
Should I be?
No.
Do you know who I am?
Manitas Del Monte.
Pleased to meet you.
Shit.
What do you know of my situation,
Counselor Mora Castro?
Your situation?
Your business is thriving.
Your cartel
wiped out the Alianza del Norte,
your competitor
in the synthetic drug trade.
You made new political allies
last year,
and the elections…
the elections proved you right.
Bingo!
How can I help you, Mr. Del Monte?
Answering that question would mean
You've accepted
The mission and its secret
Once I tell you what it is
There's no turning back
Hearing is accepting
Also you must know
If I tell you what it's about
And if you agree
Considerable sums of money
Will be wired to Switzerland
The Caymans and elsewhere
Accounts of which only you and I
Will know the existence
Numbers and codes
Accounts and millions
Only you
And me
What do I risk?
Becoming rich.
All right.
All right what?
What do you want me to do?
I want to be a woman.
I don't get it.
What don't you get?
Well, like…
you mean physically a woman?
Yes.
Do you want…
to change your life
or to change your sex?
What's the difference?
Well…
I'm a lawyer, Mr. Del Monte.
I'm not a surgeon.
That's why I hired you.
To find a good one.
Mr. Del Monte, it could take…
years, it's not at the snap of a finger.
I started treatment two years ago.
There's no backtracking, kid.
Not for you, not for me.
Find me a safe place for the "reset."
Far away,
not here, not in the United States.
A place where no one could ever find me.
Get me someone untraceable.
Someone competent, spotless.
Your predecessor
wasted a lot of my time.
Counselor Mora Castro,
you now dispose of all my resources.
And, as you can see,
they are unlimited.
Mexico-Bangkok,
then Bangkok-Bombay, Bombay-Rio.
I have a Mexico City-Haneda.
4-hour layover, Haneda-Bangkok.
-How long would it be?
-26 hours.
I have to be back Thursday
for a court hearing.
You won't make it.
Find me something else.
Like what, a rocket?
Another class.
Business?
It's much more expensive.
-And above that?
-Above what?
Business.
Wait, you really want me
to check First class?
Yes.
It exceeds the rates we agreed to.
-How will you pay?
-Credit card.
What kind of card?
Rita?
Listen, bitch.
Where are you at, Mora Castro?
Think I pay you
to act like hot shit in First class?
Move faster, goddammit.
I'm running out of time.
Manitas Del Monte.
Dr. Wasserman.
I can't cope anymore.
I constantly thought
about killing myself,
but it's not fair to leave
without living my real life.
The life nature wouldn't give me.
What are you doing here?
And you?
Me? I'm his wife.
-Jessi Del Monte.
-Rita.
Rita Mora Castro, lawyer.
I work with your husband.
I figured, but what do you do for him?
A lot of things.
Are we leaving the country?
Excuse me?
Sorry, I don't know anything about that.
Who's the guy with you?
So you've met?
Yes. I was asking Rita
who the guy with you is.
Business, honey.
Where are the kids?
Dancing with the others.
Let's join them.
Coming?
No thanks, I'll just stay here.
Nice meeting you!
Ever since I'm able to think
this is what I wanted.
But…
in the world I come from,
it's very difficult.
Very difficult.
I must leave a great deal behind me.
But…
I have no choice.
The passports with their new names.
They'll have to learn them by heart.
Here are the bank accounts.
The wire transfers
are scheduled and secured
as per your instructions.
They'll be rich.
They'll live here, in Lausanne.
Lakefront, spacious, calm.
You know, Switzerland.
I'll go with them
and help them settle in.
I imagine it won't be easy at first,
but over time,
they'll forget you.
They'll forget you.
I don't lack sky
I don't lack sea
I don't lack a voice
But I lack singing
I don't lack money
I don't lack killing
I don't lack lust
But I lack desire
I want another face
I want another skin
I want the depth of my soul
To smell like honey
I don't desire desire
Or to be desired
Let everything that was no longer be
My only desire
Is to be
Her
SWITZERLAND
Welcome, Madam.
Good evening, Madam.
Welcome, ma'am.
Welcome.
This isn't our house!
I want to go home!
Why did he do this to me?
What did I do to him?
Nothing, it's to protect you, Jessi.
If you go back,
your husband's enemies will hunt you
and your children.
He's sheltering you, see?
Please,
I don't want this.
I don't belong here.
Please…
-How long will this last?
-I don't know.
Months?
Maybe more.
It's done.
They moved in.
It was very hard,
but they're safe.
Everything must disappear.
You're rich now.
Enjoy it.
Your mission is over.
All right.
Farewell, Rita.
DNA from human remains found in Veracruz
has been identified.
Manitas Del Monte.
The drug lord,
thought to have fled the country,
had, in fact, fallen into the hands
of his enemies.
Emilia…
Pérez.
Señora Emilia Pérez.
Emilia Pérez.
Pleased to meet you.
I am Señora Emilia Pérez.
FOUR YEARS LATER
LONDON
Me too.
No kidding?
What part?
Monterrey.
Gentlemen are rare nowadays.
That's true.
I'm from Veracruz.
I was born in the Dominican Republic,
but I went to school in Mexico.
Lovely!
It's nice speaking Spanish.
You miss Mexico?
Me?
In fact, no, not really.
Sometimes,
but I'd always wanted to travel
and live elsewhere.
And you?
I've been in transit for ages.
I even lost my northern accent.
I hear it.
-Who did you come with?
-Simon.
He sees to my business in Europe.
Simon?
Actually, Simon and I…
Is it you?
Bingo.
Shit.
What are you doing here?
I have business in London.
Cut the crap.
You had me tailed?
Not at all. Don't worry.
I don't recognize your voice.
Just my voice?
Don't tell me you came by chance
That you're just passing through
Tell me you came to erase the past
To get rid of the last witness, me!
Don't tell me you came here by chance
Tell me that you came to kill me
To clean up, so no one knows
Who you were and what I know
Don't tell me you came by chance
No Rita, I haven't come by chance
Nor have I come as a friend
To thank you once more
And toss you flowers
No Rita, I haven't come by chance
I didn't come to look into your eyes
And see the shock of your life
"It's her, no it's not, yes it is her!"
I didn't come to look in a mirror
Or to tell you my life either
That I changed skin and body
Suffered like hell
But it was worth it
That I'm happy now, I'm myself
No Rita, I didn't come for any of that
No Rita, I haven't come by chance
You can flee, run away, I won't stop you
But one day you may understand
What it's like to change lives
And leave everything behind
I have something to ask you
Something to ask me by chance?
I need you to bring my children
back to Mexico.
I can't live without them.
I beg of you.
Where will we live?
Her place.
She has a mansion in Las Lomas.
Do you know this Emilia Pérez?
Manitas mentioned a distant cousin
you could trust,
if anything happened.
She knew how to join me.
When it was time,
she sent me for you.
I knew nothing of this.
No one…
No one could know.
MEXICO CITY
Madam Emilia, they're coming!
My children!
My family. Jessi.
They're coming. Hurry!
Help them, quick!
Welcome.
Welcome to your home.
Come.
We've never met, right, Jessi?
No, I don't think so.
You were Manitas' wife.
He left us. Peace be with him.
You're like my sister now.
This is your home. Welcome.
Thank you, ma'am.
Emilia, please.
Guys!
Want to see your rooms?
Want to?
Careful, there's no railing.
Rita, you'll stay with us?
No, I'm at the Four Seasons.
That's mine, thanks.
I have to get back to London.
Wait a second.
How do you find her?
Totally out of it.
You know her better than me.
I did before.
I don't know about now.
Don't dwell on how others have changed.
You're right.
It's a miracle she didn't recognize you.
Be careful with the children.
Why?
Stop kissing them all the time.
You're their aunt, not their mother.
Anything else?
No, thank you.
You don't like it?
Not talking to me?
Do we have to go to school?
Yes.
Children go to school.
And their parents go to work.
Mommy doesn't work.
That's true.
I don't want to go to school here.
Me neither.
What do you want to do?
Can we stay with Mommy?
I want to ski like in Switzerland.
What?
Skiing in the snow.
Me too.
Good morning, ma'am.
Your breakfast.
Welcome
To your beloved country, my darling
To your luxurious home, cousin dear
Where everything's costly
Pleased to meet you!
And many thanks to the family
Welcome
Be polite
Say hello, my dear
To the big boss Aunt Emilia
And the new guards, cousin dear
Of your gilded prison
Welcome
To your fairy trap, cousin dear
To the life of your dreams, my pretty
Look at that clothesline, dear child
All that laundered money hanging to dry
Look at your golden handcuffs, my dear
Your padlock necklaces, cousin dear
You'll feel so good in here
Fool
You'll never want to run away
Welcome
I obeyed my dead man
In Switzerland
I took care of our kids
Enough!
I cried my eyes out
Fool
I took care of everything
Welcome
I'm at your service
Fuck you
Now don't mess with me
Cousin dear
I'll jump over the wall, my darling
I'll quench my thirst
Welcome
Venerated
Excited
Admired
Overjoyed
Adulated
Mega-liked
Welcome
I don't know
if this is Gustavo Brun's number.
It's Jessi.
If it's your number, Gustavo,
I wanted you to know…
that lawyer, Rita Mora,
called to tell me I could come back.
That I no longer risked getting shot
stepping off the plane.
And I…
Gustavo,
you're the reason I came back.
My pussy still hurts
when I think of you.
And if I pay you?
For what?
For you to stay.
Enough with that.
What would I do?
Nothing, just stay around.
That's kind of you.
But no.
Thanks.
What's up in London?
You have someone.
Work is the only thing that's up.
I offer you to stay and do nothing,
and you want to go?
You want children?
I do. I just need a father.
We'll buy one.
Tell me.
Tell me who you want
and I'll buy him.
Him?
You like him?
MISSING: OCTAVIO VARGAS
That's Octavio.
My eldest. He was 23.
He disappeared in 2013, on November 18,
in the Michoacán.
He was a student.
He disappeared on a trip down south.
He wanted to be a teacher.
I'm sorry.
Edgar…
You ever think, once in a while,
about everything Manitas did?
All the horror?
Quiet, not here.
I don't know who Manitas is.
Yes, I think about that.
And there's a lot that I regret.
Of course.
Auntie Emi?
Why are you up?
I can't fall asleep.
You'll wake up your brother.
Close your eyes.
What are you doing?
You smell like Papa.
I love it.
Do you miss him?
Yes.
Papa, Papa…
You smell like Papa
You smell like the mountains
Leather and coffee
You smell like food
Spicy, spicy!
You smell like sugar
Lamb roasting on the fire
The engine of the car
You also smell like Coca
Cola
Light
With lemon
Ice cubes
And sweat
You smell like Papa
Would you rather
I wear perfume?
Auntie…
I like how you smell
but I don't like the perfume you use.
He smelled of little pebbles
Hot from the sun
He smelled like grass
Like mezcal and guacamole
He smelled like dogs
In car rides
He smelled like cigars
When he hugged us
For the last time
The last time
CENTRAL PRISON
Do you know him?
Fuck, no.
I don't recognize the face.
Maybe from when we stole hostages
from the Tiburones.
It got ugly.
We had to get rid of them in town.
Where?
The old San Cristóbal refinery.
When she kissed my hand,
I felt her tears,
and for the first time, I loved myself.
How many disappearances
in this country?
Tens of thousands.
It's horrific.
We can't stand idly by.
We must help them.
How?
I know former sicarios
willing to do good.
That's too dangerous for you.
-You'll go see them.
-Me?
You're a lawyer.
You'll persuade them.
We left them scattered over the Sinaloa.
We burned them.
Some were taken to Tierra Caliente,
near Guerrero.
Others in Veracruz.
The town of San Martín.
Otherwise we cut them into pieces.
Did you bury them?
We dismembered them
and left them on the road.
When was this?
Two years ago.
Just you?
No, with the gang.
-How many?
-Four.
-Was it a family?
-Yes.
There was a mother, two brothers,
and a friend of theirs, I guess.
We grabbed the old man
and put him in the van.
When we got there, we killed him.
We burned them.
We left no traces.
Threw them in the river.
We ran all over the country
to destroy the evidence.
Hello, everyone.
Señora Pérez, why "La Lucecita"?
Named after our goal.
A ray of hope for those with none.
How will your NGO be financed?
With my money,
but we'll take help from anyone.
Thank you.
All information will be available
in the NGO's charter.
Thank you, now excuse us.
Our NGO operates
in compliance with the law.
We are not a replacement
for public services.
We work with them
to help those who need it most.
Our main goal
is to help families
find their loved ones.
Here there are no guilty parties.
We don't judge anyone.
For a new life, a new horizon,
La Lucecita.
So that I know
Where, when and how it happened
So I can tell those he loved
How it ended
So his friends can mourn him
So that I know
Where the bad people hid her
So that I can engrave his dates
I am here
So I can talk about the color
Of his face
I am here
So that I can look myself in the mirror
So I can raise my children
With clean money
So there can be a life before
And a life after
So I can learn to calculate
That one plus two makes three
So I can cleanse my skin of tattoos
I am here
So I can put my errors to good use
So that the disappeared can reappear
So mother and child can be reunited
So we can look the nightmare
In the eyes
So deep down, there is strength and hope
So we can overcome society's mockery
So we can cross over and face evil
So that our hearts can scream the truth
So we can walk, our heads held high
So we can eat, live and breathe
We are here
So we can ask for forgiveness and forgive
Evening, beautiful.
Have a good time?
Yes.
Want some?
Whisky?
Sure.
Can I ask you something?
How was it with your husband?
I don't know.
What do you mean?
Did you love him?
I was crazy for him.
Did he love you?
I don't know.
After the kids were born…
For you or for him?
For him.
Did it make you sad?
I was alone.
What would have happened
if he hadn't died?
I don't know.
He'd have done like the others.
He'd have found himself a younger one.
He'd have had kids with her
and sent me to hell.
Or maybe I'd have found another guy.
Did you cheat on him?
With who?
Why do you ask?
No reason.
Simple curiosity.
Did it last long?
Why not?
It was too intense.
I couldn't think about anything else.
I'd never experienced anything like it.
What happened?
Nothing.
I ended it.
I stopped wanting to see him.
You never thought
about running off together?
Did you know your cousin
or not at all?
No matter where we went,
he'd have found us.
He'd have cut us into pieces
and fed us to the dogs.
I'm going to bed.
Goodnight.
This is Channel 3,
here with Señora Pérez.
The victims seem to have been murdered
by Los Globales,
one of Mexico's largest cartels.
What do you have to say, Ms. Pérez?
I'd like to emphasize that
almost 100,000 people
are missing in Mexico,
victims of drug-traffic related violence.
After discovering
what can only be called a mass grave,
the Department of Public Safety
didn't open an investigation.
They didn't even send a team here.
About that,
there's another point
I insist on making.
We've had to enlist
the help of other cities.
Police here
don't have sufficient resources
to lead the investigations
that need to be led.
BENEFIT GALA
FOR FAMILIES OF THE DISAPPEARED
What are you hoping for?
Empathy and support.
-You mean money?
-Dough, yeah.
Financial support.
Thank you.
I saw the guest list.
Who are the people you added?
Drug kingpins,
corrupt officials, crooks.
You mind?
If we're funded with dirty money,
yes, I mind.
I don't know any British royals yet,
so I invite the rich guys I know.
How do I look?
Gorgeous.
And now let's greet…
-How about me?
-…Emilia Pérez!
Fucking bitch.
Rita!
I'm Berlinger, your old boss.
Remember?
Call me when you can.
How wonderful to see you here tonight.
I am proud and satisfied, truly.
Esteemed ministers,
esteemed senators,
representatives
of the Chamber of Commerce,
Minister of the Interior,
Minister of Culture.
Look at the Chemist
Got made Minister of something
Had his partner's throat slit
His family's too
What about the corpses?
Acid!
Look at Judge Santos
Cares only about children
Cartels kidnap them
Steal them from their villages
And Santos has their cases dismissed
No evidence
Talk, all these people talk
But now they are going to pay
You have the upper hand
Everyone knows you
No one knows me
Or barely
I am Emilia Pérez
A Mexican woman!
A woman like any other!
Look at the Minister of Public Education
Specialist in shell companies
The contracts are real
But the schools aren't
So now tell us!
Where did you get
Your jet, your pool, your hotel?
Look at the Governor
Who voted him in? The cartel?
They bought the farmer vote one by one
Pay the cartel
They're already sitting
On your fucking throne
Talk, all these people talk
But now they are going to pay
And thank God
I have by my side an exceptional woman
Rita Mora Castro!
She is intelligence incarnate!
Intelligence incarnate!
Look at the Gimp
Not lame from birth
Next time you pay late
You'll end up in a wheelchair
Or like him, without a hand
Be on time if you're corrupt
Look at our dear Mendoza
With his new wife
Very young
Very blonde
Blonde!
Talk, all these people talk
But now they are going to pay
Losing a loved one is a tragedy
Losing their remains
Is a life sentence!
A life sentence!
Earthquake!
Cheers!
Come in.
Mrs. Epifanía Flores.
Show her in, thanks.
Go on in.
Come in, have a seat.
What can I do for you?
You found my husband.
Where is he?
At the morgue.
At the morgue?
What's he doing there?
He's dead.
Are you sure it's him?
Yes, 99.99%.
I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
I'm very sorry.
Forgive me, perhaps I was too abrupt.
I thought he was going to be here.
I was so scared.
I had five years of peace.
Then I got your letter…
He used to hit me,
steal my money, rape me.
If he weren't dead, I'd…
I'd have…
I even brought a knife.
No one can hurt you anymore.
It's over.
Do you want anything?
Water?
Are you okay?
Yes, I am.
Have a good day, Mrs. Flores.
Thanks a lot.
Mrs. Flores!
Tell me,
what do we do with the corpse?
Throw it away!
That's it?
You really brought a knife?
Can we meet again?
What for?
Just to see each other.
Yes.
Goodbye.
You found everything?
Leaving already?
To get home
before the kids wake up.
Kids?
You have children?
Yes.
Well, no.
Same difference.
Same difference?
Their father died.
I'm their aunt.
Will I see you again?
You want to?
Yeah, I do.
You?
Love me
Protect me
Half him
Half her
Half papa
Half aunt
Half rich
Half poor
Half kingpin
Half queen
Half here
Half there
Half dead
Half alive
Half inside
Half out
Everything
Nothing
Who am I? I've no idea
I am what I feel
And for the first time
I feel a feeling
Life without love
Has been an endless fall
What joy
To make love with love
Emilia
Epifanía
Half me
Half her
Half together
Half alone
Half down
Half up
At the beginning
And at the end
Who am I? I've no idea
I was born at this very moment
I was born of her desire
I was born from her belly
Life without desire
Has been like a mountain
Now my desire
Leads me to the river
I am in love
In love
-How did you learn this?
-What?
You change people's lives.
Not just them. Me.
Everyone.
I spent my life studying, and for what?
So the rich get richer,
and the bastards get worse.
Is something wrong?
I'm 40 years old, Emilia.
My love life is a desert
and my professional life, a sewer.
What can I say?
Nothing.
None of this would exist without you.
This is your professional life.
You should be proud.
Am I wrong?
Thanks.
I want to love myself
I want to love my life
To love what I feel
I want to love myself
To love myself fully
To love myself as I am
I want to love the little girl
That they wouldn't let me be
I want to love the old lady
That I may become one day
I want to love myself every day
Every hour, every second
I am, and that's enough
That's what being a woman is, right?
I want to love myself
The way I want to be loved
To love my life
Love myself the way I am
If I fall off a cliff
It's my cliff
If I double over in pain
It's my pain
If I go to seventh heaven
It's my heaven
If I go down the wrong path
Who cares?
It's my path
Stand straight.
25 seconds.
The scent of my boys!
I'll pick them up.
I entrust them to you.
Hi, Jessi.
-You scared me.
-Sorry.
Do as you please here, but…
-I know, the children.
-Yes.
Just be careful. They're young.
I know, I said.
Thanks.
I have something to tell you.
Go on.
Getting married? To who?
Gustavo.
Still seeing that guy?
Doesn't this seem… a little hasty?
I've been waiting 5 years for this.
If you're happy, I'm happy.
Where will you be living?
We're looking at a villa in Polanco.
-And the kids?
-What about them?
They're staying here.
No. Why? They'll live with us.
And this villa in Polanco has a garden?
Yes, it has everything.
Any good schools there?
We haven't looked yet.
When you say…
"The children will live with us",
you mean you and your pimp?
What?
When you say
"the children will live with us,"
you mean with you
and your fucking pimp?
My pimp?
Who are you to talk,
fucking old dyke?
Want me to tell you about your whore?
You can go fuck your mother
with your fucking pimp,
but my children
stay here!
They're my children.
Your children?
Are you out of your mind?
They're my children!
My children!
Here's 100,000.
Get out of Mexico City.
If I see you again,
you're dog meat.
Get it?
What time did they leave?
I don't know.
Everyone was asleep.
They didn't leave a note?
I didn't find one.
Jessi, it's me, Emilia.
I don't know why you did this.
Call me when you can, please.
She left with the children
With my sons and all their stuff
To Polanco for sure
With her pimp
She can't do this
Okay, I get it, she's the mother
Then what am I?
I won't let her do this
Calm down
Don't worry
Relax
Calm down
I can't even buy food
No more money
She cut me off
None of my cards works
All my accounts, blocked
She wanted to take my kids
And now my money?
Calm down
She wants to steal my kids
How could I have married that slut?
How could I have married that ingrate?
You should have thought twice
What do you think?
You can manipulate people as you please?
That was another life
Things are different now
How could I have lived with her?
How could I have trusted that bitch?
I don't know why she did it
I'll talk to her
I'll sort it out
I'll set things right
It's Manitas's money, my husband's
The money he left me when he died
She can't do this
How the fuck could you do this?
Why not tell me first?
How can she access my accounts?
Calm down
Don't worry
It was done by Manitas
Your husband, to protect you
I want my children
If you want your children
You must put out the fire
I want my children
Good evening.
Turn out the lights before you leave.
See you tomorrow.
The office is open from 9 to 5.
We're closing.
You had an appointment?
Can I help you?
Not really,
I'm here to see Señora Pérez.
Are you Epifanía?
You're Rita, right?
-It's done.
-What is?
We've finally met. About time!
Come. I'll get my keys.
Goodnight.
It's me.
Have a seat.
Can I say you're here?
Yes.
Epifanía is here.
We're waiting for you.
Call back soon.
She speaks often of you.
What does she say?
Since she met you,
she's like a teenager.
A fifteen year old…
Effusive.
Glowing.
She often speaks of you.
What does she say?
She says you're like her sister.
That you changed her life.
How did I change her life?
When? What did she tell you?
She told me about her family,
about the children,
the nephews she adores.
She said she owes this place to you.
That you made her…
smarter
and more generous.
Did I say something wrong?
Not at all, sorry.
Emilia is exaggerating as usual,
but it moves me.
You and I are her only friends.
Talk about a fucking fan club!
It's me, yes.
What?
Where?
You're here?
Wait a minute.
We found Ms. Pérez's car.
Her driver is dead.
Ms. Pérez has been kidnapped.
I'm sorry.
A white shirt
and a black skirt…
Ms. Mora Castro?
Excuse me.
Emilia!
No.
This isn't her.
Did you get the package?
Yes.
You know how to count with fingers?
30 million.
Good.
Put her on so I can hear her.
Rita.
Yes, Emilia.
Do what they ask, okay?
Of course I will.
I'm not here by chance.
Time flew…
Time flew so fast.
Bingo.
That's my line, dummy.
Come on, come on…
Ponchis.
You have to come to La Lucecita.
Bring 8 or 9 big guys.
Shit.
Goddammit!
Continue straight ahead.
We'll go ahead.
We'll take the next turn.
José, turn left.
Kill the lights.
What will you do with me?
Recover the money
you stole from me.
And then?
You're nothing to us.
You'll kill me?
She's coming.
Lights off.
Lights off!
Turn off your fucking lights!
Get up and walk.
Your left hand.
Let me see Emilia.
I want to see Emilia!
Fucking old bitch.
Show me your fucking left hand, bitch!
I told you.
If you don't come out with Emilia,
there's no money!
You hear me?
Come out with her!
Okay, you two come with me.
You cover us.
Honey,
get her ready.
Come.
Stop moving!
You hear me?
No money till I see her!
Come out with her!
Fuck!
She's not alone!
Emilia!
I met you when you were 17
Back then
I was seeing Julianne, your sister
What are you saying?
When I was with Julianne
It was you I'd stare at
Then one day in the Azucena
I kissed you
And we went upstairs to do the rest
You kissed me?
We went upstairs to do the rest
Who told you this?
When we wed
I gave you two necklaces
You told me…
Quiet
You told me you'd lost one
But I knew you gave it away
To Julianne so she'd forgive you
On the day of the wedding
You were so ashamed of your family
You didn't want to see them
So you put them
In the back of the church
Who are you?
Emilia
Manitas
My God, what have we done?
Jessica
Forgive me
Jessica.
Get in the car!
What are we doing?
Get in!
Get in the fucking car!
Goddamn motherfuckers!
Stop!
-What?
-Stop!
What's your problem?
Stop the car!
Get off me, you lunatic!
You're fucking crazy!
What's your problem?
He's in the trunk.
Manitas.
My husband!
-What?
-In the trunk!
Stop the car!
Careful with that.
Careful with that thing.
-Watch out.
-Stop the car!
What are you doing, Jessi?
Please!
Calm down.
I'll pull over.
Relax.
Calm down.
Madam Rita.
They're coming.
Your mother had a car accident.
She won't be coming home.
Now I'll take care of you.
I dedicate this poem
To the beloved, so loved
For a fleeting instant
To the woman of my nights
The one who left at dawn
Never speaking about herself
To she who drank from my fountains
Whose mystery I miss
Like a distant star
To she who let me be free
Free like the air
Free like her scent
To she who in a spark
Her arms wide open
Crossed our path
To she who worked the miracle
Of changing lead to gold
And enchanted the world
To she who hoisted beside us
For the cause of the damned
The flag of Truth
To she whose fiery countenance
With her marvelous grace
Filled us with Happiness
To she who will never come back
To she who kept her secret
I offer these flowers
Subtitle translation by: Andrew Litvack